Ji, what are you doing here?
Mom, don't blame your brother.
I asked my brother to come
Mom, I'm coming.
It has nothing to do with my sister
Do your family know?
Mom, let's have dinner with my brother at home
Hey, you will act like a spoiled child
If my son is still alive
It should be as smart and cute as him
Let's go Xiaojing
What's wrong with you?
Bad aunt bad aunt
Does it hurt?
Auntie will give you a blow.
Mom, you are so kind.
I'm not your mother.
You and Xixi eat first?
Auntie make a call
Road courtyard?
Your child is at my house.
Lucy
You're capable now, aren't you?
Running away from home at every turn
You do this again
Believe it or not, I'll send you abroad now
Why are you so cruel to children?
He's only 5 years old and doesn't know anything
And you didn't even ask him.
And threatened to go abroad
Are you such a father?
I said your dad
Don't worship little brother
kid
Oops come here
He's not your father
What about your daughter's father?
What does my daughter's father have to do with you?
Let's talk about petty things
Stingy, he has a wound on his arm